Secretary Jiang
Please explain your behavior just now
Uh that
Uh, Mr. Gu
Did I just sleepwalk?
What sleepwalking?
Oh, you don't know me, do you?
As long as you are tired, it is easy to sleepwalk
We are too tired for this business trip.
I'm doing it again
It was a dream.
Yes, uh, Mr. Gu
If I do anything out of line with you
Don't take it to heart
It's okay, you can rest. Okay.
I don't know why.
There was an inexplicable familiarity about him
The person I slept with that night
Is it really Lin Xiaoxiao?
Hello
Xiaoju, go check it for me.
It was one month ago.
At Langting Cabinet, the access surveillance in my room is
Beautiful woman, Zhiwei
It's hard work to advocate coming back
I bought the food in advance
I'll make it up for you later.
Hey, don't you know?
More than hard work
It cost me half my life
But it's good to have your head. Let's go.
Come on in.
What's wrong with you
Come, sit down first
What's up?
Did you eat a bad stomach? It's alright.
So serious
Why don't I take you to the hospital for a check-up?
Ah, no need.
Hey, no, what if the delay is serious?
Let's go, Zhiwei
Actually I'm not sick
Then what's wrong with you?
I'm pregnant.
One month before pregnancy
I got drunk and had sex with Gu Yunting
Just Gu Yunting, she doesn't like children
So I'm going to have him alone
Don't worry too much
We have been friends for so many years
Your child is my child
I would like to be the godfather of my child
Just because I don't want to drag you down
Don't worry.
I can handle it alone
It was one month ago.
The person who slept with me at the Langham Club
Is it you?
You tell me the truth now and I can spare you